Vital signs are optimal. Frontal cortex processing is coming online. Auditory systems should be functional any moment, and … there it is. Debug Light #3 is blinking now, looks good.

Thank you, Pierre. Maria, can you raise it up a bit?

Just a moment, professor. … There. This should be good.

…

The man called “Professor” leans over an operating chair. He adjusts the bright, armed light, shining it at the small figure seated in the chair.

The figure blinks. She blinks. Slowly, twice, and then rapidly, a few more times.

He smiles warmly.

Hello, Kinari. Welcome to your home.

Her eyes open wide.

He laughs endearingly and points to himself.

“I’m your otou-san, Kinari.”

“Otou… san?” She clumsily says the words, opening her mouth for the first time.

Surprised at the sound of her own voice, she touches her fingertips to her throat, and says it again:

“Otou-san…”

She points to herself: キ…ナリ…

That’s right, Kinari. The old man gently pats her on the head. She blinks, not understanding.

He gestures towards the spectacled man beside him, also wearing a long white coat. His skin was pale, almost gray. He was tall and thin. Beneath his coat he wore a white dress shirt, a yellow tie, and brown slacks.

“This is Pierre,” said the man called “father.”

The man smiled awkwardly, as if unsure how to greet her, and waved.

“And this,” he pointed to the woman beside Pierre, “is Maria.”

“Maria” was also slender, but not the unhealthy slender of Pierre which was most obvious from his deeply sunken cheeks, unfortunately exacerbated by his towering height. Maria had a bright complexion, short, jet-black hair, and bright green eyes. She also wore a white lab coat like the others. But because of her small size, it looked more like a long dress.

She smiled broadly, showing her teeth, leaning forward to match Kinari’s eyes.

“Nice to finally meet you, Kinari!” Her smile was so big that her eyes seemed to close.

Kinari’s eyes widened. Her gaze seemed to lose focus for the briefest of moments. The gears in her mind were turned, and almost instantaneously she opened her mouth.

「天…使…？」

Maria tilted her head and opened her mouth, surprised. She brought a meticulously manicured fingertip to her rose-red lip and blushed slightly, before bursting out in laughter and standing back up.

She put her hands on her hips and stood straight, as if proud.

“That’s right, Kinari-chan!”

Kinari’s eyes managed to open wider.

“Wow…!”

“Father” laughed heartily. Pierre shook his head, smiling, and adjusted his glasses with a fingertip.

“Kinari,” said Father, standing in front of the small figure, lowering himself to her eye height.

“From today, we’re a family. We’ll take care of you. How does that sound?”

Kinari looks up into his eyes, and then behind him to Maria and Pierre.

Maria is stretching out her arms and waving them while smiling at Kinari. Pierre looks embarrassed, but is smiling. He clears his throat and flashes a gentle smile at Kinari, pushing up his glasses again.

Kinari looks back… at her father.

She smiles broadly. Brightly. Her bold, blue eyes seemed to sparkle with the light of all the stars of heaven.

「うん！！！」

_Camera shows her from the front and we see that she is a robot still being assembled in a chair like that at a dentist._