```
BGM: Fuyu no Hanabi (Kanon) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Om3IAtpU7y0
```

Snow was falling.

The world was covered in white. The sky was overcast and grey.

But she could not feel cold.

A fresh set of footprints in the snow lay in front of her. 

They seemed to be inviting her to follow them.

Intrigued, she walks forward, carefully tracing the footsteps, so as not to disturb the fresh snow. 

Her own feet perfectly fit within the footsteps.

But, because there were no footsteps coming back, they must have been from someone else, who had gone on ahead.

The snow begins to fall harder. 

Yet, ahead, a bright streak of light from the sky shines down onto a bed of flowers in the ground. 

Flowers gently dancing in a springlike breeze, seeming to only affect that area.

She walks towards the flowers.

But the more she walks, the farther await it seems to get. 

The snowfall grows increasingly heavy, becoming a blizzard. 

The cold wind bites into her face, and pushes her hair over her eyes.

She raises her arms to her eyes, to protect her face from the wind, and leans forward, walking slowly.

She begins to feel anxious. 

Why couldn't she reach the flowers? 

Was something preventing her from escaping the snow?

"...Not yet, Kinari"

She hears a voice.

A voice she did not recognize.

She wondered who spoke. She wondered how they knew who she was.

She stops. Somehow, she knew to trust the voice.

And, as if in response to her decision to trust the voice, the snowfall ceases.

