* Light streams through Kinari's window
* She wakes up sheepishly and wants to go back to sleep
* But she left the window open, and the (electronic) birds chirping at her windowsill are preventing her from sleeping
* She throws off the covers and lies there for a few seconds before sitting up
* She turns sideways and puts her feet on the floor
* The floor is cold and she shivers and exclaims that it is cold
* She walks over to the window and closes it
* Walking back to her bed, she looks at the clock and realizes it's time to wake up
* Leaving her room she sees that her father has left a note on the table saying that he is going to work early today and to have a nice day -- she is happy to receive the note
* She goes to the bathroom and washes up
* She looks at the mirror and thinks to herself how she is now 5 years old
	* But she looks the same, no different than yesterday, and wonders why she still looks the same even though her age changed.
* She racks her brain trying to find the answer, becomes frustrated, and throws the thought away, choosing to focus on what the day's schedule is.
	* She asks (calls out to) the mirror (smart mirror) to show her the agenda.
	* She is confused by the presence of a meeting in her schedule she hadn't expected. It doesn't say who it's with, it just says the meeting room it will be held in. 
		* She notices that her usual classes of piano and ballet are gone from the schedule today, replaced by this event.
		* She feels uneasy
		* She also feels disappointed, because she was learning ----- on the piano and her teacher was praising her a lot. She resolves to practice alone in the music room after this unwelcome meeting.

* Kinari has time before her meeting, so she decides to stop by Otou-san's lab
* Kinari hears from the room Maria yelling and Otou-san replying calmly, while Pierre is trying to calm down Maria
	* She asks Otou-san why he didn't tell Kinari about her mission before
		* He couldn't bring himself to lose anyone else, couldn't bring himself to "lose Kinari again" (so he selfishly? didn't tell her)
			* Otou-san loses his composure (not anger, but sounds desparate and extremely sad)
* Kinari is very confused by what she hears, and tries to stop them from fighting by entering the room
	* お父さんはトボける
	* マリは喧嘩していたことがバレていたことを誤魔化すために隠し事でもしていそうな暗い優しい口調や高い声で話してくる。
	* ピエールは黙った。言いたいことがありそうな顔をしていたが。

--

She has no idea it's coming. When she learns the truth, chills are just going to run throughout her body. Just like her heart will sink. Her breath will stop. It will be like a fear, a panic. Disbelief. This can't be happening. Thoughts will race through her mind. She'll have flashbacks internally, right? She'll feel conflicted that just yesterday was a bad day. She'll feel conflicted that just yesterday was her birthday. And the contrast between those happy moments and now will be even more exaggerated because of that. She realizes that the mission wasn't just a class with a scary man that she didn't have to pay attention to: it was literally her mission.

Yeah, it's like going to Disneyland and then receiving a phone call or like a message that your mother just died, you know what I mean? The closest thing I can think of is being broken up with out of the blue, or finding out your partner has cheated on you, in terms of physiological symptoms and similarity to the gut punch that I can draw from experience.

That feeling of ice flooding your veins, or like something inside you just _drops_. The disconnect between your thoughts racing at a million miles an hour and your body feeling like it’s moving in slow motion.

--

* Then the "official" meeting begins
	* This is the day that they tell her when her mission will depart
	* They also tell her why her mission is important, and that she was created for this
	* She is clearly shocked
